Fix flyiter for numpy 2.4.0rc1 (#3571)
hyperspy/hyperspy: upcoming_changes/3571.bugfix.rst

> Fix compatibility of flyiter with numpy 2.4.0.

Reviewer: Why not use "flyback iterator" here instead of the abbreviation?

> Fix compatibility of flyiter with numpy 2.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix compatibility of `'flyback'` axes iterator with numpy 2.4.0.
```
